---
layout:   page
title:    How This Works
---

Welcome to the new Smartling Developer Documntation Prototype. This site is hosted by Github Pages and built on Hyde, a basic theme for the Jekyll static site generator.

Let's take a look at a few things we can do.

### Better ways to display code

Using the Pygments highlighter, we can display highlighted code snippets with optional line numbers. Here's an example with some of our JSON directives.

{% highlight json %}
{
     "smartling" : {
        "translate_mode" : "custom",
        "translate_paths": ["*/translation"],
        "placeholder_format_custom": ["\\{([^\\}]*)\\}"]
     }
}
{% endhighlight %}


For longer code snippets or whole files, we can also embed a gist right onto the page. Here's an example from our Github connector docs. All a client has to do to set up their own smartling-config.json is fork the gist, make their edits and merge it into their own repository.

{% gist smartlingtestdocs/3abb6ff92aae7591e9f2 smartling-config.json %}

### Version control

Our site is a Github repository. Every change and who made it is stored automatically. We can restore any previous version of the site at any time. If we want to do significant developement on the site, we can fork the repository, test the changes and merge back into the main repository when we're ready to deploy.

### No CMS = Sweet Style Freedom

This static site is generated by converting posts written in markdown into HTML according to some basic templates. This current version is very basic, but we can make almost anything. Markdown posts contain YAML front matter that can be used to style the post according to a template, so we can make different ones for supported files, API calls, etc to show standardized information common to a particular type of post.

### Issues and Limitations

A setup like this has many advantages over our current setup, but there are a few things to be aware of:

* Static site generator means errors in compiling stop the build. If something is wrong with one of the files, the site won't build. This wont bring the site down, just stop the current update. This should be manageable. An email notification is automatically sent to notify me of a build failure, including which file caused the error. So far I haven't had a failure I couldn't fix fairly quickly.
* Images are more difficult to handle than with a CMS-style editor. You can do it, it just takes a little longer. That won't be a problem for developer docs, but would be a limitation if we tried this approach on dashboard docs.
* Complex tables are also a pain, but I'd like to see us use fewer complex tables, anyway. For example, on the Supported Files page, we have directives tables that span several pages. I'd rather handle this information by having a dedicated page for each file type, and a seperate subheading for each directive with values, examples, etc. If we really need a table with big amounts of text, or lists inside cells, etc, we can just write it as HTML.


