---
layout: page
title: Imprint
order: 99
---

## Legal Notice

These pages are being maintained by the research group Management of Information Systems in the Healthcare (MIG) of the Institute for Medical Informatics, Statistics and Epidemiology (IMISE) of the University of Leipzig.

Institut für Medizinische Informatik, Statistik und Epidemiologie<br>
Universität Leipzig<br>
Härtelstraße 16-18<br>
04107 LEIPZIG<br>
GERMANY

The University of Leipzig is a public body. It is legally represented by the acting chancellor. Further information, especially concerning supervisory authority, can be found in the imprint of the University of Leipzig.

## Disclaimer

Every effort is taken to ensure that the information contained on this website is accurate at the time of creation and/or modification of the website. We cannot, however, guarantee that the contents provided will always be current, accurate or complete. The use of contents from this website is at your own risk. We reserve the right to remove, vary or amend any of the content which appears on the website at any time and without prior notice. Contributions identified by name reflect the opinions of the authors and not necessarily the opinion of MIG. The mere use of the website does not create any contractual relationship between the user and MIG. Further, we do not in any way guarantee that the website will be available, uninterrupted or error free.

According to §§8 to 10 of the TMG (German Tele-Media Act), we are not obligated to monitor third-party information provided or stored on our website. However, we shall promptly remove any content upon becoming aware that it violates the law. Our liability in such an instance shall commence at the time we become aware of the respective violation. External Links

This website provides links to other websites ("external links"), which are subject to the liability of the respective owners/providers. At the time these websites were linked to ours, we found NO GROUNDS WHATSOEVER of any likely violation. Likewise, we have no control over the current and future design and over the content of the pages linked with this website. The inclusion of external links should not be taken as an endorsement by MIG of the opinions expressed or services provided at those sites. Without concrete evidence of legal violations a permanent control of the external links is not reasonable. Should any violations become known, such external links will be deleted immediately. Copyrights

The information published on this site (including, but not limited to, texts and graphics) is subject to the copyright laws of Germany. Any use not permitted by German copyright requires the prior written consent of MIG or the respective rights owners. This applies especially to duplication, adaptation, translation, storage, processing and reproduction of contents in databases or other electronic media and systems. Contents and rights of third parties are marked as such. The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of contents or entire sites is not allowed and liable to prosecution. Only the production of copies and downloads for personal, private and non-commercial use is allowed.

The presentation of this website in external frames is not allowed without the prior permission in writing of MIG. Privacy and Data Protection

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

Please be aware that there are inherent security risks in transmitting data over the Internet (e.g. communication by e-mail) since it is impossible to protect completely against unauthorized access by third parties.

Using the contact details of the imprint for commercial purposes is expressly not allowed, unless we have given our written consent or there is already a business relationship. MIG and all persons named on this website hereby object to any commercial use and disclosure of their data.

## Jurisdiction

These terms and conditions will be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.

## Hosted by

Universität Leipzig<br>
