---
layout: post
title: "R Instruction: Introductory Statistical Analysis and Data Visualization for Scientists"
category: events
tags: education external
---

    Class 1: September 19, 2014  9:00 am-1:00 pm  D1-080/084
    Class 2: September 26, 2014  9:00 am-1:00 pm  D1-080/084
    Class 3:    October 1, 2014  9:00 am-1:00 pm  B1-072/074
    Class 4:    October 8, 2014  9:00 am-1:00 pm  B1-072/074

[Registration](http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/8MTC2WF)

The FHCRC Genomics & Bioinformatics Shared Resource is presenting an introductory short course teaching the R computing language; the material will be the same as in the introductory course taught this Spring. The course is intended for scientists who are familiar with and comfortable using spreadsheet applications like Excel or OpenOffice to produce and work with data tables; but who have no or little experience with R. Attendance is limited to FHCRC faculty and staff and Cancer Consortium and UW CFAR members.

Spreadsheet applications and the R language complement each other; instructors will explain step-by-step the transfer of data tables from spreadsheet to the R environment and back. Class members will use their personal computers to begin using R and work with example data, so you need to bring your laptop to class. Examples will address common analysis issues, including microarray and sequencing data.

Course classes will be held on the FHCRC Day Campus this September 19, 26, and October 1, 8. Material in later classes builds on the earlier ones, classes do not repeat the same material. No credits are offered for this free and informal course.

R (see [http://cran.fhcrc.org](http://cran.fhcrc.org)) is a language and environment for statistical computing and graphics; it has integrated facilities for data manipulation, calculation and graphical display; tabular data can be dealt with in both everyday and more sophisticated ways; tables can be subset and columns combined, and numerical values processed; statistical hypothesis tests can be run and plots made on-screen or saved in a number of common file formats.

Contact Jerry Davison, [jdavison@fhcrc.org](mailto:jdavison@fhcrc.org) or x4561, to answer any questions. To register for the course please complete the form at the web page linked above. Registrants will be emailed more information on September 15.
