---
layout: post
title: "Fall 2016 Introduction to R course"
category: events
tags: education
hide_in_feed: true
---

### *Tuesdays from September 27 &ndash; November 8, 2016*

#### *3:00 &ndash; 4:30 pm in M4-A805/817 (except November 1 in M4-A823)*

This seven-week course will be a gentle introduction to the R programming language.
The focus will be on using R interactively, to build a foundation for writing your own scripts.
We'll cover the following topics:

- The basics of R
- Cleaning and manipulating data using the principles of "tidy data"
- Importing data from text and Excel files
- Visualizing data with ggplot2

Teaching programming solely via lectures can be difficult, because programming really isn't a spectator sport.
The primary means of instruction will be through [DataCamp](https://www.datacamp.com), a service which offers interactive, browser-based courses in R.
DataCamp is a good way for participants to learn interactively, at their own pace, with instant feedback for each exercise.
We'll assign about two hours' worth of exercises to be completed each week.
DataCamp lets us see which exercises students had trouble with, and we'll go over those concepts in more detail during weekly recitations.

If this sounds like something you'd be interested in, we encourage you to make a DataCamp account and try out the free "Introduction to R" course.
If it leaves you wanting more, sign up for this seven-week course by following the registration link below!
Full access to DataCamp will be provided to students for the duration of the course.

This course is open to Fred Hutch faculty, staff, and affiliates.
Students must bring a laptop to each class.
Please be sure your laptop can connect to the Marconi on-campus wireless network prior to the first class.

Register via Eventbrite [here](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/introduction-to-r-registration-27640708102).
Please register using your Fred Hutch (or affiliate) email address so that we may verify your eligibility for the course.

Registration for each seven-week session is limited to 15 participants.
If the class is full, there will be an option to add yourself to the waiting list &mdash; please do so if you're still interested!
We'll use the waiting list in case of cancellations and to plan future sessions.
