---
layout: post
title: Week 3: Jan 15 - Jan 21
---

# Week 3: Jan 15 - Jan 21
## Goal Progress
##### Job Ready JavaScript
I almost completed my goal through Lesson 7 this week. I'm still working on the problem set for Lesson 7, but it's mostly just porting old projects from C to Python, so it should go quickly. 

##### Typing
Complete through lesson 65. My ring fingers are out of shape, apparently.

##### Reading
I finished *Brave New World* and started *Coming Apart* by Charles Murray.

##### Spanish
Spanish is plugging along. I completed two more topics.

## Noteworthy Notes
This week in CS50 I made a hash table out of a dictionary and ran some massive texts through it. According to the public leaderboard, the top time for the load + check process was 4.2s. I got mine down to ~35s. Not bad, but it amazes me that someone else's solution could be nearly an order of magnitude better than mine. I wish I could see it.

Anyway, this project was a blast - not because of the subject matter, although it was handy to know. I got to use calculus while trying to optimize my hash function! I do terribly love math.

Also, in the BBC's *More or Less: Behind the Stats* podcast, I discovered that learning the most common 800 words + forms accounts for 75% of a language's usage, so that's an interesting goal to shoot for. I'm not sure how I'd measure it, though.

## Looking Ahead
This week, I'm not setting a specific goal for CS50. Looking ahead, there are two big projects left, and I really have no idea how long to expect them to take. I'd love to be done this week, but I can't commit to that.

I'm going to type 20 lessons again this week. That seems to be a good pace.

For Spanish, I find myself doing several lessons every couple of days. I'm fine with that pace, so I'll let that continue.

I don't anticipate having a lot of free time this week, so I'll just try for reading half of *Coming Apart.*
