---
layout: post
title: Summer 2018 Intro to Bioinformatics course series
category: events
tags: education shell python git
hide_in_feed: true
---

### *Monday from May 14 &ndash; July 9, 2018*

#### *2:00 &ndash; 4:00 pm*

This series of seven two-hour classes will be a gentle introduction to the art of Bioinformatics. Students will obtain a big-picture understanding of how to approach computational analyses, and through practical examples, begin developing the specific skills and knowledge needed to carry out such analyses on their own. No prior technical or computational experience is required, though students with previous experience may benefit from the course’s high-level perspective.

The class will be loosely following Bioinformatics Data Skills for the overview, unix, and version control sections. For the python sections, we'll be following our own curriculum, and referring to the Codecademy course for practice with the concepts.

- Command-lyne
- Remote access to powerfull servers
- Version control and GIT
- Python
- Shell-scripting
- Project Organization
- &c.

Much of the curriculum will be drawn from an early release of [Bioinformatics Data Skills](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920030157.do), which will be available throughout the class free of cost.
Students will be encouraged to do a couple hours of reading and/or exercises between sessions, but this will not be required.
Additionally, depending on interest, there may be an opportunity for students to work with the instructor to apply the lessons learned in the class to their own research.

Register via HutchLearning [here](https://centernet.fredhutch.org/cn/u/training/access-hutch-learning.html).
Please register using your Fred Hutch (or affiliate) email address so that we may verify your eligibility for the course.

Registration for each seven-week session is limited to 15 participants.
If the class is full, there will be an option to add yourself to the waiting list &mdash; please do so if you're still interested!
We'll use the waiting list in case of cancellations and to plan future sessions.
