---
layout: post
title: Week 1: Jan 1 - Jan 7
---
# Week 1: Jan 1 - Jan 7

## Goal Progress

##### Job Ready JavaScript
I read the first part of You Don't Know JavaScript. Pretty good, so far.

I'm also done with the first 4 weeks worth of CS50x.

##### Typing
Made it through lesson 22. Typing correctly is hard.

##### Reading
I technically started reading *Moneyball* before the new year, but I'm still counting it since I finished in 2018. I also finished *Amusing Ourselves to Death* by Neil Postman, and I've started on *A Brave New World* by Aldous Huxley.

##### Spanish
I've already been working on Spanish a little, so the first two topics are complete.

## Noteworthy Notes
CS50x is actually amazing. It kind of makes me wish I could have gone to Harvard. But this is cool, too. I made a program, from scratch, in C, that cracks hashed passwords. Crazy. It's that kind of thing that motivates me to continue. I actually get to make cool things that do real things. "Hello World" just doesn't cut it after a while.

*Amusing Ourselves to Death* was insane. For a book written in the '80s it's incredibly prescient. I won't go into any response in this venue, but everyone should read this book.


## Looking Ahead
This week, I intend to complete through week 7 in CS50. Weeks 6 & 6x1 are just lecture with no problem sets, so that should be manageable.

I'll commit to typing at least one lesson every day, but I'll finish at least 20 by week's end.

I'll do at least one lesson of language per day, too. Not a topic, just a lesson. No big rush there.

I'm also going to finish *A Brave New World* and start on something else. Maybe something light, since these last two books have been terrifying.
