---
layout: page
title: Imprint
permalink: /imprint
name: imprint
lang: en
---

## Contact

**Mail: <a href='mailt&#111;&#58;ti&#110;%7&#57;p&#97;lace&#64;p%&#54;F&#37;7&#51;&#37;7&#52;&#101;&#111;&#46;&#100;e'>tin<span style="display:none">REMOVETHIS</span>ypala&#99;e&#64;post&#101;o&#46;d&#101;</a>**  
**Twitter: <a href="http://twitter.com/tinytinypalace" target="_blank">@tinytinypalace</a>**  
Phone: +49 1573 033 9093

------

**Website administration (aka ~ we have to put this here because of german laws)**  
Nicole Brauer  
Waldstraße 8  
34212 Melsungen  
http://tinypalace.de  



## Disclaimer

*Preface: If you have any problems, questions or suggestions regarding the content or the usage of our website – or regarding the festival – please contact us via the mail provided above.*  

*Also note our [Safer Space Policy]({{ site.baseurl }}/safer-space).*

### 1. Limitation of liability

We ensure that we created this website and all of its content to the best of our knowledge and believes.
All information is supplied without liability for its correctness or completeness.

Should there unintendedly be any mistakes or violations of third party rights in the content of our website, we would ask to be notified via the mail address provided above. In such a case we will correct or remove the content immediately.

No contractual relationship is established by using our site.

### 2. Links

Our website contains links to external websites, for which content we can not be held liable.
We ensure that, at the time of linking, there was no content visable which violated law or which was unethical in any way.
We have no influence over any future changes of those external sites and we do not have the capacity to check all external links regularly.
We would ask to be notified via the mail address provided above, if there is any linked content that may violate rights. We will remove such links immediately.

### 3. Privacy

We do not save personal or anonymised data of our users without their prior consent. Furthermore we only gather data, which our users submit on their own accord, like a mail address while subscribing to our newsletter or while submitting forms for the open call.
However we can not guarentee this for our hoster (github.com), linked sites (like startnext.com or twitter.com), embedded services (fonts.googleapis.com or formspree.io) or other third parties which might be involved in transmitting this website (like an internet service provider).
We would like to remark, that there is always the risk of access by third parties during data communication via the internet.

We object to any commercial usage or circulation of our personal information.